feat(content) Dynamic, Repeatable Hovercraft Races on Sunracer (#11257)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/culture conversations.txt

		" rockets to an unrivaled lead in the race's last few minutes, ending the race with a clear, commanding advantage."
	word
		" "
	word
		"The middle two racers converged into a frantic dash for second while one lone racer lagged far behind."
		"The other three teams bundled together in a last-minute sprint to complete the race."
		"The rest clustered tightly for the race finish."
		"The remaining racers finished uneventfully spread out."
		"Only three racers finished today, as one crashed off the track, luckily with the driver unharmed."
	word
		" "
	word
		"With the race finished, the crowd gradually disperses, and you wander back to your <model> amid the soft buzz of post-race chatter."
		"As the stands empty, you slip away through clusters of lingering fans back to the <ship>."
		"Despite the race being over, the crowd still roars with adrenaline, and you still feel the crowd's excitement as you return to your ship."
		"The venue quiets as spectators scatter, leaving you to drift back to your <model> in the calm that's followed the thrill of the race."

mission "A Sunracer Hovercraft Racing"
	minor
	repeat
	invisible
	to offer
		random < 40

> 	source
> 		planet "Sunracer"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	source "Sunracer"
```

			label backtoship
			`	With the atmosphere steeped in nostalgia for a distant city on a distant world long past, you return to your ship.`

phrase "racetrack"
	word
		"Racetrack"
		"Speedway"
		"Arena"
		"Course"
		"Circuit"
		"Glideway"
		"Hover Circuit"
		"Velocity Course"
		"Hoverloop"

phrase "sunracer hovercraft adhook"
	word
		"dazzling holographic display"
		"radiant, floating billboard"
		"vivid holographic advertisement"
	word
		" seizes your attention"
		" catches your eye"
		" appears overheard"

phrase "sunracer hovercraft adcloser"
	word
		"The ad flashes sleek "
		"Photo-realistic images show agile"
		"The visuals display streamlined"
	word
		" hovercraft "
		" vehicles "
	word
		"slicing through a twisting course in untamed terrain, "
		"racing along a serpentine, rugged track, "
		"carving through wild, winding roads, "
	word

> 		"with the ad copy "

Author: It's a another form of "[advertising copy](https://thelawdictionary.org/advertising-copy/)" (or just "[copy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copy_(publishing))"), which means the written content of an ad. Also where the term copywriter comes from.

		" rockets to an unrivaled lead in the race's last few minutes, ending the race with a clear, commanding advantage."
	word
		" "
	word
		"The middle two racers converged into a frantic dash for second while one lone racer lagged far behind."
		"The other three teams bundled together in a last-minute sprint to complete the race."
		"The rest clustered tightly for the race finish."
		"While the remaining racers finished uneventfully spread out."
		"Only three racers finished today, as one crashed off the track, luckily with the driver unharmed."
	word
		" "
	word
		"With the race finished, the crowd gradually disperses, and you wander back to your <model> amid the soft buzz of post-race chatter."
		"As the stands empty, you slip away through clusters of lingering fans back to the <ship>."
		"Despite the race being over, the crowd still roars with adrenaline, and you still feel the crowd's excitement as you return to your ship."
		"The venue quiets as spectators scatter, leaving you to drift back to your <model> in the calm that's followed the thrill of the race."

mission "A Sunracer Hovercraft Racing"
	minor

> 	repeat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	repeat
	invisible
```
I'll review this in-depth tomorrow, but this stuck out on a cursory glance.

			label backtoship
			`	With the atmosphere steeped in nostalgia for a distant city on a distant world long past, you return to your ship.`

phrase "racetrack"
	word
		"Racetrack"
		"Speedway"
		"Arena"
		"Course"
		"Circuit"
		"Glideway"
		"Hover Circuit"
		"Velocity Course"
		"Hoverloop"

phrase "sunracer opening"
	word
		"As you walk through the din of Sunracer's bustling spaceport"
		"As you wade through the clang and clatter of Sunracer's ever-churning shipyards"
		"Amidst the city's persisting glitz"
		"Lost in a maze of hangars and half-built hulls"
		"Navigating through the organized chaos of Megaparsec shipyards"

phrase "sunracer hovercraft adhook"
	word
		"dazzling holographic display"
		"radiant, floating billboard"
		"vivid holographic advertisement"
	word
		" seizes your attention"
		" catches your eye"
		" appears overheard"

phrase "sunracer hovercraft adcloser"
	word
		"The ad flashes sleek"
		"Photo-realistic images show agile"
		"The visuals display streamlined"
	word
		" hovercraft "
		" vehicles "
	word

> 		"slicing through a twisting course in untamed terrain, "
> 		"racing along a serpentine, rugged track, "
> 		"carving through wild, winding roads, "

Reviewer 2: Hmmm... can you slice through a course and carve through a road?

Or would it be:
```suggestion
		"slicing a twisting course through untamed terrain, "
		"racing along a serpentine, rugged track, "
		"dashing along wild, winding roads, "
```

Two sentences might also be better for this phrase?

	word
		"with the ad copy "
		"the display's text "
		"the words below "
	word
		"promising high-speed thrills for the audience"

> 		"teasing a spectacle of breakneck action"

Reviewer 2: Again, I don't think most people would use "teasing" in this context. It sort of works, but it's a bit awkward. Maybe:

```suggestion
		"providing a teaser of the breakneck action to come"
```

		"offering heart-pounding, high-octane excitement"
		"beckoning wealthy corporate sponsors to back the adrenaline-fueled event"
		"offering the perk of free parking"

> 		"simply stating 'Sponsored by Megaparsec'"

Reviewer 2: I believe this should be in double quotes. Also, you'll probably need to restructure the phrases a bit to add periods here and remove them from the mission so the period can be inside the quotes here.

Author: Done - added double quotes and periods, and broke out into 2 sentence per your above suggestion.

		
phrase "sunracer city to wilderness description"
	word
		"Sunracer's bustling shipyards"
		"the vibrant Megaparsec metropolis"
		"the clamor of Sunracer's industrial hub"
	word
		" fades into "
		" gives way to "
		" transitions to "
	word
		"shimmering lakes dotted with sailboats and fishing vessels"
		"picturesque rolling hills of sprawling farmlands"
		"a serene stretch of raw, unspoiled nature"

phrase "sunracer fan tshirt"
	word
		"clad in Megaparsec Racing Technologies gear, with a large Quicksilver emblazoned across the front of his shirt"
		"wearing Megaparsec Racing Technologies apparel - his shirt covered with hundreds of tiny Splinter, Manta, and Quicksilver silhouettes"

> 		"dressed in a Megaparsec Racing Technologies sweater that has the words 'Mighty fast, impossibly light - Megaparsec' at its center"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		`dressed in a Megaparsec Racing Technologies sweater that has the words "Mighty fast, impossibly light - Megaparsec" at its center`
```

> 		"dressed in a Syndicate Performance Racing shirt with the centered words 'Smart racers know race pace is key. Smart racers race for Syndicate Performance Racing"
> 		"wearing a Deep Sky Dynamics hat with the words 'Peace, Prosperity, Progress... Podium'"
> 		"dressed in a Delta V Grand Prix sweater, the words 'The Wild Pace of Plasma' surrounded by various images of tiny chipmunks, greyhounds, capybaras, and impalas running across the shirt, leaving tiny footprints"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		`dressed in a Syndicate Performance Racing shirt with the centered words "Smart racers know race pace is key. Smart racers race for Syndicate Performance Racing"`
		`wearing a Deep Sky Dynamics hat with the words "Peace, Prosperity, Progress... Podium"`
		`dressed in a Delta V Grand Prix sweater, the words "The Wild Pace of Plasma" surrounded by various images of tiny chipmunks, greyhounds, capybaras, and impalas running across the shirt, leaving tiny footprints`
```

"Impalas" also seems deeply wrong to me, but it is grammatically correct (and more common than "impala"?) so it's probably good as-is.

		

phrase "sunracer hovercraft race description"
	word
		"You push through the buzzing entrance, "
		"Clusters of ecstatic fans pass you beneath the screens showcasing the race, "
		"The entrance bursts with energy as you weave through enthusiastic crowds, "
		"Amid a cascade of bright lights and raucous cheers, you enter the racetrack, "
		"The crowd briefly disperses, leaving you ample space to go through the entrance, "
	word

> 		"and you navigate a series of well-lit steps until you settle into your seat, ready for the race."

Reviewer 2: This option doesn't really feel like it fits well with any of the words above. Maybe it would work better if it was its own sentence and you juggled the phrase around a bit?

Reviewer 2: That looks good

		"each step drawing you closer to the exciting race view from the stands."
		"then you follow well-marked signs that lead you into the heart of the action in the stands."
		"where banners and cheers guide you to the stands for you to sit during the race."
	word
		" "
	word
		"It is a clear, brisk sky overhead, "
		"The day's air is crisp and electric with anticipation, "
		"A partly cloudy day blankets most of the track, "
		"Scattered showers mist the air, "
	word
		"while a gentle wind stirs the dust on the track."
		"with the sun's beams lending a warm glow to the cool sky."
		"with sunlight and swirling mist setting an unpredictable stage."
		"while a shifting haze fails to hide the crowd's raw anticipation."
	word
		" "
	word
		"A pulsing neon light flashes "
		"The starting gun goes off "

> 		"A booming voice announces, 'It's repulsors on and away we go!' "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		`A booming voice announces, "It's repulsors on and away we go!" `
```

		"In an instant, there's a thunderous explosion "
	word
		"at the starting line"
		"in front of the starting grid"
	word

> 		", and the hovercraft launch forward in a burst of speed."

Reviewer 2: Technically, this comma shouldn't be here (it's grammatically incorrect), but it does make the sentence flow well. Feel free to chose either way.

Author: Took it out.

		", then engines ignite in a frenzy to send the sleek machines darting into the first lap."

> 		", as the racers enter into a chaotic scramble for the lead."

Reviewer 2: This comma _probably_ shouldn't be here.

```suggestion
		" as the racers enter into a chaotic scramble for the lead."
```

		" - hovercraft fighting for position as one leaps ahead of the rest."
	word
		" "
	word
		"An hour in, the racers continue to weave through the course's twisting tracks, "
		"Midway, the competition transforms into a dynamic dance, "

> 		"The middle phase entails a symphony of sounds, "

Reviewer 2: Is there a better word for "the middle phase"? And also, I feel like it's a little weird to describe a race as a symphony of sounds. You could maybe cut this option here.

		"As the race unfolds, a few hovercraft nearly crash before recovering, "
	word
		"each maneuver a blend of precision and raw power."
		"with daring overtakes and strategic maneuvers."
		"each moment getting closer to the crescendo of the race's final hour."
		"as competitors push their vehicles to the limit at every turn."

> phrase "sunracer hovercraft victory description"

Reviewer: The issue with using dynamic phrases like this is that you display the total laps made by each team at the end. The text could conflict with the numbers. Do you have thoughts on how to fix that?

Author: Hmmm, I suppose there are 4 options here:

1. Remove the total laps completed data from the mission and only have the text description. I don't think this is ideal since it removes the actual data a player could see and/or use to gauge a race, so from a player perspective this actual simulation appears no different vs being totally random.
2. Remove the dynamic text description and only have the total laps completed data. I think this is better, though a slight shame to remove the "story" of the race.
3. Add logic to check how far/close each racer is in each of the `won` branches so that the dynamic phrases don't conflict with the actual race results. This would probably be best, but probably quite hairy to implement.
4. Accept that the dynamic phrases and total laps may diverge as a break from realism.

I'll give 3 a go over the next few days to see if I can get something functional, but assuming I don't get that working, any preference between options 2 or 4? (I'd rather not go with 1 for the above reasons)

	word
		" surges ahead, their craft a blur of power and precision, leaving rivals in their wake by multiple laps to finish the race in a clear victory."
		" clinches victory in a breathtaking display, a decisive lap ahead of the field."
		" edges out the competition in a photo-finish, securing the win by a razor-thin margin."
		" rockets to an unrivaled lead in the race's last few minutes, ending the race with a clear, commanding advantage."
	word
		" "
	word

> 		"The middle two racers converged into a frantic dash for second while one lone racer lagged far behind."
> 		"The other three teams bundled together in a last-minute sprint to complete the race."
> 		"The rest clustered tightly for the race finish."
> 		"The remaining racers finished uneventfully spread out."
> 		"Only three racers finished today, as one crashed off the track, luckily with the driver unharmed."

Reviewer 2: You shift tense here quite abruptly. Maybe it would be better if you saved the tense shift for the next word?

```suggestion
		"The middle two racers converge into a frantic dash for second while one lone racer lags far behind."
		"The other three teams bundle together in a last-minute sprint to complete the race."
		"The rest cluster tightly for the race finish."
		"The remaining racers finish uneventfully spread out."
		"Only three racers finish today: one crashed off the track, the driver lucky to escape unharmed."
```

(Also, I think this last line might flow a bit better than what you have currently)

	word
		" "
	word
		"With the race finished, the crowd gradually disperses, and you wander back to your <model> amid the soft buzz of post-race chatter."
		"As the stands empty, you slip away through clusters of lingering fans back to the <ship>."
		"Despite the race being over, the crowd still roars with adrenaline, and you still feel the crowd's excitement as you return to your ship."
		"The venue quiets as spectators scatter, leaving you to drift back to your <model> in the calm that's followed the thrill of the race."

mission "A Sunracer Hovercraft Racing"
	minor
	repeat
	invisible
	to offer
		random < 40
	source "Sunracer"
	substitutions
		"<racename>" "${adjectives} ${racetrack}"
		"<megaparsec name>" "${civilian}"
		"<syndicate name>" "${syndicate fighter}"
		"<delta name>" "${free worlds fighter}"
		"<deep name>" "${deep fighter}"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`${sunracer opening}, a ${sunracer hovercraft adhook}: there's a hovercraft race at the <racename>, just a few hours away by hover rail, or much faster aboard a <model>. ${sunracer hovercraft adcloser}.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`${sunracer opening}, a ${sunracer hovercraft adhook}: there's a hovercraft race at the <racename>, just a few hours away by hover rail, or much faster aboard a <model>. ${sunracer hovercraft adcloser}`
```

See above. I'd recommend moving the period into the "sunracer hovercraft adcloser" phrase.

				"deep speed" = "roll: 6" + "roll: 6" + "roll: 6" + ( ( 10 - 4 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * ( "roll: 6" ) + ( ( 10 - 5 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * "roll: 6"
				"syndicate laps" = "syndicate speed" + "syndicate boost"
				"delta laps" = "delta speed" + "delta boost"
				"deep laps" = "deep speed" + "deep boost"
			`	You board <ship> for the quick trip to the <racename>. Out the window, ${sunracer city to wilderness description}. Eventually, you park your ship outside the <racename>, and walk up to the racetrack's entrance.`
			label decisioning
			`	The screen above flashes race details:`
			`		<racename>: &[race length] Hour Race`
			``
			`		Today's Racers:`
			`		Megaparsec Racing Technologies: <megaparsec name>`
			`		Syndicate Performance Racing: <syndicate name>`
			`		Delta V Grand Prix: <delta name>`
			`		Deep Sky Dynamics: <deep name>`
			``
			choice
				`	(Watch the race.)`
					goto race
				`	(Ask someone for an overview of hover racing.)`
				`	(Use your ship to scan the racers.)`
					to display
						or
							"flagship attribute: outfit scan power" > 0
							"flagship attribute: tactical scan power" > 0
					goto scanner

> 			`	Near the <racename>'s entrance, you spot a friendly figure ${sunracer fan tshirt}. Though clearly not a racer, he clearly is very familiar with hovercraft racing. You ask him for an overview and he responds:`

Reviewer 2: Hmm... it might be interesting if the fan's gender switched between male/female/unknown each time. That might require a bit more work, but I think it would make the mission slightly more interesting and make the fan feel less like a stereotypical sports nerd.

Author: That is a nice idea - let's see if I can figure out how to make it work with a multi-line `replace`. If I fail, I don't think its a _huge_ deal since the player presumably won't ask for an overview every time they visit the track, but I agree that would be better.

			`	"Even though each team is roughly equal, in a given race, a savvy watcher can better predict a winner by knowing which teams perform better on shorter or longer race lengths, or a less sporting one with a powerful scanner might even be able to tell a hovercraft's exact afterburn level before the race even begins.`
			`	"One last tip to remember - they say the surest way to make a small fortune in hovercraft racing is to start with a big one!" He laughs, the sound mixing with the roar of engines inside the <racename>.`
			``
				goto decisioning
			label scanner
			`	Your ship is close enough to the <racename>'s track to be able to scan exactly how many laps each hovercraft's afterburner can take them. Your ship relays the following afterburner data:`
			``
			`		Megaparsec Racing Technologies: No Afterburner Fuel`

> 			`		Syndicate Performance Racing: &[syndicate boost] laps-worth of Afterburner`
> 			`		Delta V Grand Prix: &[delta boost] laps-worth of Afterburner`
> 			`		Deep Sky Dynamics: &[deep boost] laps-worth of Afterburner`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`		Syndicate Performance Racing: &[syndicate boost] laps worth of Afterburner Fuel`
			`		Delta V Grand Prix: &[delta boost] laps worth of Afterburner Fuel`
			`		Deep Sky Dynamics: &[deep boost] laps worth of Afterburner Fuel`
```

		"As the race unfolds, a few hovercraft nearly crash before recovering, "
	word
		"each maneuver a blend of precision and raw power."
		"with daring overtakes and strategic maneuvers."
		"each moment getting closer to the crescendo of the race's final hour."
		"as competitors push their vehicles to the limit at every turn."

phrase "sunracer hovercraft victory description"
	word
		" is today's victor."
		" seizes the day with a victory."
		" wins this race."

phrase "sunracer hovercraft victory exit"
	word
		"With the race finished, the crowd gradually disperses, and you wander back to your <model> amid the soft buzz of post-race chatter."
		"As the stands empty, you slip away through clusters of lingering fans back to the <ship>."
		"Despite the race being over, the crowd still roars with adrenaline, and you still feel the crowd's excitement as you return to your ship."
		"The venue quiets as spectators scatter, leaving you to drift back to your <model> in the calm that's followed the thrill of the race."

mission "A Sunracer Hovercraft Racing"
	minor
	repeat
	invisible
	to offer
		random < 40
	source "Sunracer"
	substitutions

> 		"<racename>" "${adjectives} ${racetrack}"

Author: Since race names can be quite silly in real life, I think its probably fine for some of the generated race names to be a bit funky. My thinking is that the line would probably be somewhere a bit past where the below amusing and unusual (and real) race names are:

- "Buschy McBusch Race"
- "Heluva Good! Sour Cream Dips at The Glen"
- "The Bud at the Glen"
- "Crown Royal presents the Your Hero's Name Here 400 at the Brickyard powered by BigMachineRecords.com"
- "Formula 1 AWS Gran Premio del Made in Italy e dell'Emilia-Romagna"

				"delta speed" = "roll: 8" + "roll: 8" + "roll: 8" + ( ( 10 - 4 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * ( "roll: 8" ) + ( ( 10 - 5 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * "roll: 8"
				"deep speed" = "roll: 6" + "roll: 6" + "roll: 6" + ( ( 10 - 4 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * ( "roll: 6" ) + ( ( 10 - 5 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * "roll: 6"
				"syndicate laps" = "syndicate speed" + "syndicate boost"
				"delta laps" = "delta speed" + "delta boost"
				"deep laps" = "deep speed" + "deep boost"
			`	You board <ship> for the quick trip to the <racename>. Out the window, ${sunracer city to wilderness description}. Eventually, you park your ship outside the <racename>, and walk up to the racetrack's entrance.`
			label decisioning
			`	The screen above flashes race details:`
			`		<racename>: &[race length] Hour Race`
			``
			`		Today's Racers:`
			`		Megaparsec Racing Technologies: <megaparsec name>`
			`		Syndicate Performance Racing: <syndicate name>`
			`		Delta V Grand Prix: <delta name>`
			`		Deep Sky Dynamics: <deep name>`
			``
			choice
				`	(Watch the race.)`
					goto race

> 				`	(Ask someone for an overview of hover racing.)`

Author: And done!

			`	"Even though each team is roughly equal, in a given race, a savvy watcher can better predict a winner by knowing which teams perform better on shorter or longer race lengths, or a less sporting one with a powerful scanner might even be able to tell a hovercraft's exact afterburn level before the race even begins.`
			`	"One last tip to remember - they say the surest way to make a small fortune in hovercraft racing is to start with a big one!" The speech ends with a hearty laugh, the sound mixing with the roar of engines inside the <racename>.`
			``
				goto decisioning
			label scanner
			`	Your ship is close enough to the <racename>'s track to be able to scan exactly how many laps each hovercraft's afterburner can take them. Your ship relays the following afterburner data:`
			``
			`		Megaparsec Racing Technologies: No Afterburner Fuel`
			`		Syndicate Performance Racing: &[syndicate boost] laps worth of Afterburner Fuel`
			`		Delta V Grand Prix: &[delta boost] laps worth of Afterburner Fuel`

> 			`		Deep Sky Dynamics: &[deep boost] laps worth of Afterburner Fuel`

Reviewer: Outfit names in general are capitalized, and I'd think hovercraft use smaller afterburners than spaceships. You could get someone else to weigh in, but I think lowercase is better here.

		"% offer" " offers"
		"% beckon" " beckons"
		"% simply state" " simply states"
		"%" ""
		
phrase "sunracer city to wilderness description"
	word
		"Sunracer's bustling shipyards"
		"the vibrant Megaparsec metropolis"
		"the clamor of Sunracer's industrial hub"
	word
		" fades into "
		" gives way to "
		" transitions to "
	word
		"shimmering lakes dotted with sailboats and fishing vessels"
		"picturesque rolling hills of sprawling farmlands"
		"a serene stretch of raw, unspoiled nature"

phrase "sunracer fan tshirt"
	word
		"clad in Megaparsec Racing Technologies gear, with a large Quicksilver emblazoned across the front of the shirt"
		"wearing Megaparsec Racing Technologies apparel - the shirt covered with hundreds of tiny Splinter, Manta, and Quicksilver silhouettes"
		`dressed in a Megaparsec Racing Technologies sweater that has the words "Mighty fast, impossibly light - Megaparsec" at its center`
		`dressed in a Syndicate Performance Racing shirt with the centered words "Smart racers know race pace is key. Smart racers race for Syndicate Performance Racing"`
		`wearing a Deep Sky Dynamics hat with the words "Peace, Prosperity, Progress... Podium"`

> 		`dressed in a Delta V Grand Prix sweater, the words "The Wild Pace of Plasma" surrounded by various images of tiny chipmunks, greyhounds, capybaras, and impalas running across the shirt, leaving tiny footprints`

Reviewer 2: Too many commas for comfort

```suggestion
		`dressed in a Delta V Grand Prix sweater on which the words "The Wild Pace of Plasma" are surrounded by various images of tiny chipmunks, greyhounds, capybaras, and impalas running across the shirt, leaving tiny footprints`
```

		"As the stands empty, you slip away through clusters of lingering fans back to the <ship>."
		"Despite the race being over, the crowd still roars with adrenaline, and you still feel the crowd's excitement as you return to your ship."
		"The venue quiets as spectators scatter, leaving you to drift back to your <model> in the calm that's followed the thrill of the race."

mission "A Sunracer Hovercraft Racing"
	minor
	repeat
	invisible
	to offer
		random < 40
	source "Sunracer"
	substitutions
		"<racename>" "${adjectives} ${racetrack}"
		"<megaparsec name>" "${civilian}"
		"<syndicate name>" "${syndicate fighter}"
		"<delta name>" "${free worlds fighter}"
		"<deep name>" "${deep fighter}"
	on offer
		conversation
			`${sunracer opening}, a ${sunracer hovercraft adhook}: there's a hovercraft race at the <racename>, just a few hours away by hover rail, or much faster aboard a <model>. ${sunracer hovercraft adcloser}`
			choice
				`	(Check it out.)`
				`	(Skip the race.)`
					decline
			action
				"race length" = 3 + "roll: 2"
				"syndicate boost" = 2 + "roll: 2"
				"delta boost" = 4 + "roll: 8"
				"deep boost" = 6 + "roll: 12"

> 				# The ( ( 10 - x + "race length" ) / 10 ) flips to 1 when race length is x+, 0 if less than x. Used to only roll for the length of the track.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				# The ( ( 10 - x + "race length" ) / 10 ) flips to 1 when race length is x or greater, 0 if it's less than x. Only used to roll for the length of the track.
```

Could also use something like `race length ≥ x` here, but considering that ES barely supports ASCII that might not be the best option.

				"delta speed" = "roll: 8" + "roll: 8" + "roll: 8" + ( ( 10 - 4 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * ( "roll: 8" ) + ( ( 10 - 5 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * "roll: 8"
				"deep speed" = "roll: 6" + "roll: 6" + "roll: 6" + ( ( 10 - 4 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * ( "roll: 6" ) + ( ( 10 - 5 + "race length" ) / 10 ) * "roll: 6"
				"syndicate laps" = "syndicate speed" + "syndicate boost"
				"delta laps" = "delta speed" + "delta boost"
				"deep laps" = "deep speed" + "deep boost"
			`	You board <ship> for the quick trip to the <racename>. Out the window, ${sunracer city to wilderness description}. Eventually, you park your ship outside the <racename>, and walk up to the racetrack's entrance.`
			label decisioning
			`	The screen above flashes race details:`
			`		<racename>: &[race length] Hour Race`
			``
			`		Today's Racers:`
			`		Megaparsec Racing Technologies: <megaparsec name>`
			`		Syndicate Performance Racing: <syndicate name>`
			`		Delta V Grand Prix: <delta name>`
			`		Deep Sky Dynamics: <deep name>`
			``
			choice
				`	(Watch the race.)`
					goto race
				`	(Ask someone for an overview of hover racing.)`

> 					to display
> 						has "hovercraft racing: talked to fan"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
					to display
						not "hovercraft racing: talked to fan"
```

Right?

				`	(Use your ship to scan the racers.)`
					to display
						or
							"flagship attribute: outfit scan power" > 0
							"flagship attribute: tactical scan power" > 0
					goto scanner
			action
				set "hovercraft racing: talked to fan"
			`	Near the <racename>'s entrance, you spot a friendly figure ${sunracer fan tshirt}:`
			`	"Hovercraft racing pits four ships against the clock - each trying to log as many laps as possible. The race is between three and five hours long and is split into two phases: an initial afterburn for a burst of speed, followed by laps completed in the remaining time.`

> 			`	"Each racer has a roughly equal chance of victory, though Megaparsec Racing Technologies tends to win a bit more often overall. Megaparsec also excels in longer races thanks to their efficient ion engines that can do up to twelve laps an hour, but completely lack any initial speed burst. Deep racers shine on shorter stints by using high-powered atomics for a powerful start that can push them to complete up to eighteen laps in the first hour, but they tend to perform much worse in longer races due to their lack of efficiency. The other two teams fall somewhere in-between.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Each racer has a roughly equal chance of victory, though Megaparsec Racing Technologies tends to win a bit more often overall. Megaparsec also excels in longer races thanks to their efficient ion engines that can do up to twelve laps an hour, but completely lack any initial speed burst. Deep racers shine on shorter stints by using high-powered atomics for a powerful start that can push them to complete up to eighteen laps in the first hour, but they tend to perform much worse in longer races due to their lack of efficiency. The other two teams fall somewhere in between.`
```

> 			`	"Each racer has a roughly equal chance of victory, though Megaparsec Racing Technologies tends to win a bit more often overall. Megaparsec also excels in longer races thanks to their efficient ion engines that can go anywhere from zero to twelve laps an hour, but completely lack any initial speed burst. Deep racers shine on shorter stints by using high-powered atomics for a powerful start that can push them to complete between six and eighteen laps almost right out of the gate, but in longer races their lack of efficiency means they go only half as fast as Megaparsec, anywhere from zero to six laps an hour. The other two teams fall somewhere in-between.`

Reviewer 2: It seems odd to first say that they excel at long races and then say that they can do zero laps an hour, and I feel like having the exact numbers almost makes it feel like too much of a math problem for the player. Maybe it would work better like this?

Also okay as-is though if you prefer it that way.

```suggestion
			`	"Each racer has a roughly equal chance of victory, though Megaparsec Racing Technologies tends to win a bit more often overall. Megaparsec also excels in longer races thanks to their efficient ion engines that can do up to twelve laps an hour, but completely lack any initial speed burst. Deep racers shine on shorter stints by using high-powered atomics for a powerful start that can push them to complete up to eighteen laps in the first hour, but they tend to perform much worse longer races due to their lack of efficiency. The other two teams fall somewhere in-between.`
```

Reviewer: The suggestion probably needs to be edited to "they tend to perform much worse _in_ longer races"

Reviewer 2: Oops, should be fixed now

> 			`	"Even though each team is roughly equal, in a given race, a savvy watcher can better predict a winner by knowing which teams perform better on shorter or longer race lengths, or a less sporting one with a powerful scanner might even be able to tell a hovercraft's exact afterburn level before the race even begins.`

Reviewer 2: This sounds like technobabble. What kind of afterburner do hovercraft use? Does "afterburn level" refer to something like the hyperspace fuel they have loaded?

Author: Meaning "afterburn level" to imply "level of afterburner fuel," but likely better to just explicitly say that then:
```suggestion
			`	"Even though each team is roughly equal, in a given race, a savvy watcher can better predict a winner by knowing which teams perform better on shorter or longer race lengths, or a less sporting one with a powerful scanner might even be able to tell a hovercraft's exact level of afterburner fuel before the race even begins.`
```

			# last place margin of 0-2:happens in ~8% of races, 3-5:~27%, 6-8:~28%,9-14:~29%,14+:~8%
			`	The other three teams bundle together, never separated by more than two laps in the last-minute sprint for second place.`
				goto trueending
			label lastplacethree
			`	The rest cluster together fairly tightly for an eventful end to the race.`
				goto trueending
			label lastplacesix
			`	The mid-field hovercraft finish the race in a loose grouping over half a dozen laps apart.`
				goto trueending
			label lastplacenine
			`	The remaining racers finish uneventfully spread out, the order stretched across close to a dozen laps.`
				goto trueending
			label lastplacefourteen
			`	Only three racers finish today: one crashed off the track, the driver lucky to escape unharmed.`
			label trueending
			`	${sunracer hovercraft victory exit}`
			`	Final results:`
			``
			`		Megaparsec Racing Technologies: <megaparsec name>, &[megaparsec speed] laps completed`
			`		Syndicate Performance Racing: <syndicate name>, &[syndicate laps] laps completed`
			`		Delta V Grand Prix: <delta name>, &[delta laps] laps completed`
			`		Deep Sky Dynamics: <deep name>, &[deep laps] laps completed`

> 			# used for testing purposes	`	2nd place: &[second place], margin: &[second place margin]; last place: &[last place], margin: &[last place margin]`

Reviewer 2: Should this stay in for the production version? If so, I'd probably have it on its own line, like this:

```suggestion
			# The next line can be used when testing changes to the mission, but should remain commented out on the master branch.
			# `	2nd place: &[second place], margin: &[second place margin]; last place: &[last place], margin: &[last place margin]`
```

			``
			action
				clear "race length"
				clear "syndicate boost"
				clear "delta boost"
				clear "deep boost"
				clear "megaparsec speed"
				clear "syndicate speed"
				clear "delta speed"
				clear "deep speed"
				clear "syndicate laps"
				clear "delta laps"
				clear "deep laps"
				clear "second place"
				clear "last place"
				clear "second place margin"
				clear "last place margin"

> 				clear "hovercraft racing: talked to fan"

Reviewer 2: Should this condition be cleared if the mission is repeatable? It seems a little weird to me that you'd get the choice to ask someone how it works every time.

```suggestion
```
